RWR and TieDIE Integration (#92)
Reed-CompBio/spras: docker-wrappers/RWR/README.md

> # RWwR Docker image

Reviewer: Let's try to consistently use either the RWR acronym, for example in the directory names, or the longer random-walk-with-restart. Lowercase "rwr" is okay in the config file for consistency.

> A Docker image for the random-walk-with-start algorithm that is available on [DockerHub](https://hub.docker.com/repository/docker/erikliu24/rwwr).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Docker image for the random-walk-with-start algorithm that is available on [DockerHub](https://hub.docker.com/repository/docker/reedcompbio/random-walk-with-restart).
```

To create the Docker image run:
```
docker build -t eriliu24/RandomWalk -f Dockerfile .
```
from this directory.

To inspect the installed Python packages:
```
winpty docker run erikliu24/rwwr pip list
```
The `winpty` prefix is only needed on Windows.

## Testing

> Test code is located in `test/RandomWalk`.

Reviewer: Update test directory name in this section

The `input` subdirectory contains test files `source_nodes.txt`, `target_nodes.txt` and `edges.txt`.

> The Docker wrapper can be tested with `pytest`.

Reviewer 2: you could use pytest -k test_rwr.py rather than just pytest (but I think either or can be written)
